[DECLUTTER FAQ] Rework Use Wasabi (#656)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

You need to mark the “show hidden files” setting to see the Wasabi data folder.
:::

:::warning
To avoid problems, make sure you close Wasabi Wallet before proceeding to rename any of your wallets.
:::
::::

:::details
### What is the password used for?

> The password you set is used as a 13th word (passphrase) as described in [BIP 39](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-39-mnemonic-code-for-generating-deterministic-keys), is used to encrypt the private key of the extended private key as described in [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) to get an encrypted private key which is stored on the computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password you set is used:
* as a 13th word (passphrase) as described in [BIP 39](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-39-mnemonic-code-for-generating-deterministic-keys) 
* to encrypt the private key of the extended private key as described in [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) to get an encrypted private key which is stored on the computer.

```
`to encrypt the private key of the extended private key to get an encrypted private key`

This is hard to digest, though I can't come up with a concise explanation of BIP38 either.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should say: `... to get an encrypted secret` which is more accurate.

This is the password that will unlock your bitcoin to anyone who has access to the recovery word backup or computer.
You will need to type in the password before you can spend from Wasabi Wallet.
So if your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.
:::

> 

Author: I extracted this from the question "what password should be used" as it does not answer this question neither. How about the question "What is the password used for?"

```suggestion
:::details
### What is the password used for?
The password you set is used as a 13th word (passphrase) as described in [BIP 39](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-39-mnemonic-code-for-generating-deterministic-keys), is used to encrypt the private key of the extended private key as described in [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) to get an encrypted private key which is stored on the computer.
This is the password that will unlock your bitcoin to anyone who has access to the recovery word backup or computer.
You will need to type in the password before you can spend from Wasabi Wallet.
So if your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.
:::

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ACK. This is better now.

> So if your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi stores only the BIP38 encrypted blob, so you'll need to type in the password to spend or CoinJoin from Wasabi.

:::danger
The password will unlock your bitcoin to anyone who has access to the recovery words backup or the computer!
If your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.
:::
```
Seems more clear.

You need to mark the “show hidden files” setting to see the Wasabi data folder.
:::

:::warning
To avoid problems, make sure you close Wasabi Wallet before proceeding to rename any of your wallets.
:::
::::

:::details
### What is the password used for?
The password you set is used:
* as a 13th word (passphrase) as described in [BIP 39](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-39-mnemonic-code-for-generating-deterministic-keys) 
* to encrypt the private key of the extended private key as described in [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) to get an encrypted private key which is stored on the computer.

Wasabi stores only the BIP38 encrypted blob, so you'll need to type in the password to spend or CoinJoin from Wasabi.

:::danger
The password will unlock your bitcoin to anyone who has access to the recovery words backup or the computer!
If your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.
:::

> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::::details
### What is the password used for?

The password you set is used:
* As a 13th word (passphrase) as described in [BIP 39](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-39-mnemonic-code-for-generating-deterministic-keys).
* To encrypt the private key of the extended private key as described in [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) to get an encrypted private key which is stored on the computer.

Wasabi stores only the BIP38 encrypted blob, so you'll need to type in the password to spend or CoinJoin from Wasabi.

:::danger
The password will unlock your bitcoin to anyone who has access to the recovery words backup or the computer!
If your backup gets compromised, this password is the only thing protecting your precious sats.
:::
::::
```

It is a good idea to keep the two in separate analog backups, such as a laminated paper written with pencil.

> In order to defend against nature destroying fragile paper, you can consider stamping the words into metal.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to defend against nature destroying fragile paper, you can consider stamping the words into metal.
Use two different backups and locations for the mnemonic and password, because whoever has both [including a physical attacker] has full access to your sats.
```

> In order to defend against nature destroying fragile paper, you can consider stamping the words into metal.

Author: Yes, and it is thoroughly explained in the standalone chapter on Password Best Practices. With this decluttering PR, I try to remove duplicate edge case information, and instead link to the standalones.

> In order to defend against nature destroying fragile paper, you can consider stamping the words into metal.

Reviewer 2: I don't see it mentioned in that chapter.

### Can I spend my bitcoin without the password?

:::danger
NO!!!
Without knowledge of your password, even when you have the wallet file and recovery words, you CANNOT spend your bitcoin!
:::

When creating a new wallet, after labeling it properly, the next step is to select a long and random password.

> This is used to encrypt the private key (extracted from the extended private key) on your computer.

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Can I spend my bitcoin without the password?

:::danger
NO!!!
Without knowledge of your password, even when you have the wallet file and recovery words, you CANNOT spend your bitcoin!
:::

When creating a new wallet, after labeling it properly, the next step is to select a long and random password.
This is used to encrypt the private key (extracted from the extended private key) on your computer.
Every time you want to spend your coins from Wasabi, you MUST provide this password.

> So even if you have these words securely engraved in metal, without the password, you cannot restore the backup of your wallet.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this and instead provide a link to `What is the password used for?`, since it's repeating the same thing.

The Wasabi coordinator generates these block filters, and sends them out to any wallet that requests them.
A wallet client checks locally if the block filter matches any of the addresses in the wallet.
If not, then the filter is stored for later reference and for syncing new wallets.
If yes, then the wallet connects to a random Bitcoin peer-to-peer full node over Tor to request this entire block.
:::

:::details
### How does Wasabi download a relevant block?

Wasabi uses [BIP 158](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-158-compact-block-filters-for-light-clients) block filter to find out if a specific block contains a transaction of a specific wallet.
If so, then by default Wasabi connects to a random Bitcoin peer to peer full node over Tor, and requests only to download this block.
For each block, it generates a new and separate tor identity.

If you are running [your own node](/using-wasabi/BitcoinFullNode.md), then you can pull this block directly from the blockchain that you have fully verified your self.
If the node is on the same computer, then it is connected automatically by default.
You can also specify the local IP or tor hidden service of your remote full node.

> The Wasabi client does never download a block from the Wasabi backend server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Wasabi client never downloads a block from the Wasabi backend server.
```

### Why BIP 38?

> [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) is a good standard, a well-tested and very secure way to encrypt a private key.

Author: At first I didn't understand what the brute-force protection is, but it is probably that when you change the password, you still get a valid seed, and thus you don't know if it is the actual but unused wallet, or a different one.

Shall it be rewritten and added again?

> [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) is a good standard, a well-tested and very secure way to encrypt a private key.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand how it works either but it is mentioned in the bip:

> and the methodology uses salting and scrypt to resist brute-force attacks.

> Shall it be rewritten and added again?

I think it should simply be added again.

It is also implemented in the [NBitcoin library](https://github.com/MetacoSA/NBitcoin), which is used by Wasabi.

> Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets.
Take into account that it is not only encryption what [BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) provides but also a brute-force protection.
```

> Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets, and BIP39 also provides brute-force protection.
```

### Why BIP 38?

[BIP 38](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-38-password-protected-private-key) is a good standard, a well-tested and very secure way to encrypt a private key.
It is also implemented in the [NBitcoin library](https://github.com/MetacoSA/NBitcoin), which is used by Wasabi.

> Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets, and BIP39 also provides brute-force protection.

Reviewer 2: Bip 38 not 39
```suggestion
Additionally, there is no standard way (BIP) to encrypt HD wallets.
Take into account that it is not only encryption what BIP 38 provides but also a brute-force protection.
```

@[youtube](qguwAvA5Fx4)

:::details
### What are BIP-158 block filters?

E
A [BIP-158 block filter](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-158-compact-block-filters-for-light-clients) is a data structure that contains a hash of all the addresses referenced in a block.

> It is a lot smaller than the whole block itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is much smaller than the whole block itself.
```

### What does it mean "Missing Filters"?

The `Missing Filters` label indicates that Wasabi is still downloading the [BIP 158 block filters](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-158-compact-block-filters-for-light-clients) and it's synchronizing your wallet.
You have to wait until the status bar is `Ready`.
::::

:::details
### How long does the initial, and a subsequent synchronization take?

It usually only takes a couple seconds to scan the block filters, and to download and parse the blocks.
However, for large wallets with many transactions, this synchronization can take up to several minutes.
The speed and reliability of the loading process is constantly improved.

> For especially old wallets, it might be worth considering to generate a new wallet with a shorter transaction history.

Reviewer 2: What if the user needs the transaction history or has coins there?
```suggestion
```

Author: It is not saying to delete the old wallet backups, rather, to start a new wallet with no history so that it loads faster.
Key rotation makes a lot of sense, especially for privacy reasons. If a long used public key gets leaked, a long time of transaction history is leaked. However, when wallets are frequently rotated, a leak only affects this time period.

You can generate a new bech32 address in the `Receive` tab of Wasabi Wallet.
First you must set a label for it, so that you later know who has sent you bitcoin to this address.
Be precise in the label of the observers who know this address is yours, this is an important part of good [coin control](/why-wasabi/Coins.md) privacy best practices.
Then you can click on `Generate` which will now show you the address, and immediately copy it to the clipboard.
After a coin has been sent to this address, it is removed from the GUI, this is a good feature to help protect you against [address reuse](/why-wasabi/AddressReuse.md).

![](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png)
:::

:::details
### What is the gap limit?

> The gap limit is the maximum number of consecutive unused addresses in your sequence of addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The gap limit is the maximum number of consecutive unused addresses in your wallet.
```

:::details
### Why does Wasabi only use SegWit bech32 addresses?

Wasabi generates bech32 addresses only, also known as `bc1q` addresses or native SegWit addresses.
These addresses start with the characters `bc1q...`.
Wasabi was created after the activation of SegWit, and it makes sense to support the most advanced address type, which has numerous benefits.
For example, due to the malleability fix of SegWit, you can now remix CoinJoin outputs which are currently unconfirmed.
There are also large savings on mining fees for SegWit transactions.
:::

:::details
### Why do some third party services say the Wasabi address is invalid?

Some wallets/exchanges do not yet support native SegWit bech32 addresses and may give an error message (e.g. "unknown bitcoin address").
Please contact these services to upgrade their infrastructure to support the latest industry standards.
Wasabi cannot generate non-SegWit addresses, so one solution is to manage your funds with a wallet which does support legacy addresses.

> To check Bech32 adoption and exchange/wallet support you can follow [Bitcoin.it Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32_adoption) and [When Segwit? website](https://whensegwit.com/#who).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check Bech32 adoption and wallets/exchanges support you can follow the [Bitcoin Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32_adoption#Software_Wallets), [When Segwit](https://whensegwit.com/#who), and [Bitcoin Optech](https://bitcoinops.org/en/compatibility/#segwit-addresses).
```

### How can I change the label of my receive address?

You can change the label of your receive address in the right click menu by clicking `Change Label`, then type in the new label.
This is useful for when a new party finds out this address is yours.

> Or when you have generated a receiving address with a specific label, but then the cause for receiving is no longer present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful when you have generated a receiving address with a specific label, but then the cause for receiving has changed.
```

:::details
### Why does Wasabi only use SegWit bech32 addresses?

> Wasabi generates bech32 addresses only, also known as bc1q addresses or native SegWit addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wasabi generates bech32 addresses only, also known as `bc1q` addresses or native SegWit addresses.
```

These addresses start with the characters `bc1q...`.
Wasabi was created after the activation of SegWit, and it makes sense to support the most advanced address type, which has numerous benefits.
For example, due to the malleability fix of SegWit, you can now remix CoinJoin outputs which are currently unconfirmed.
There are also large savings on mining fees for SegWit transactions.
:::

:::details

> ### A third party service says the Wasabi address is invalid?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Why do some third party services say the Wasabi address is invalid?
```

> Some wallets/exchanges do not yet support native SegWit bech32 address and may give an error message (e.g. "unknown bitcoin address").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some wallets/exchanges do not yet support native SegWit bech32 addresses and may give an error message (e.g. "unknown bitcoin address").
```

:::details
### What are coins?

Bitcoin uses a system of [inputs and outputs](/why-wasabi/Coins.md) to keep track who owns how many sats.
Every transaction specifies one or more inputs, the chunk of bitcoin being spent, and one or more outputs, the destination of who receives the bitcoin.
A coin is also called an unspent transaction output (UTXO), meaning that this output has not been used as the input of a new transaction - it is yet to be spent.

> In order to spend an UTXO, the valid signature and script has to be provided in the transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to spend a UTXO, the valid signature and script has to be provided in the transaction.
```

Author: Is it not `an` when the next word starts with a `U`?

Reviewer 2: It is more about spelling. UTXO reads as `you-tea-....` and because it starts with a `Y` you put an `a`.
Do you say `a user` or `an user`?

However, if a malicious adversary were to get enough relay nodes in the network, they could pretty easily connect the initial location of a transaction by simply observing from which node the transaction appeared first.
For this reason, broadcasting transaction through your own node may reveal your IP address.

> So to fix this, Wasabi broadcasts your transactions to a random node over Tor, so this node cannot detect your IP address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So to fix this, Wasabi broadcasts your transaction to a random node over Tor, so this node cannot detect your IP address.
```

> When you want to subsequently send another transaction on the network, Wasabi destroys the original Tor circuit and establishes a new Tor identity and connection with a brand new node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you want to send another transaction, Wasabi destroys the original Tor circuit and establishes a new Tor identity and connection with a brand new node.
```

### How do I select coins for spending?

Unlike other Bitcoin wallets, the user cannot spend from Wasabi without selecting coins, since ["Coin Control Is Must Learn If You Care About Your Privacy In Bitcoin"](https://medium.com/@nopara73/coin-control-is-must-learn-if-you-care-about-your-privacy-in-bitcoin-33b9a5f224a2), at least for today.

> In order to spend a coin, simply select the checkbox from the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to spend some coins, simply select them by clicking their checkboxes from the list.
```

> Wasabi will automatically build a transaction with the best combination of selected coins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wasabi will automatically build a transaction with the best combination of the selected coins.
```

![](/Send.png)
:::

:::details
### How is the transaction broadcast?

Wasabi connects only to Bitcoin nodes that provide a Tor hidden service, so end-to-end encryption is enforced between the peers, without involving any exit node.

> Each peer is connected through a different Tor stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each peer is connected to through a different Tor stream.
```

> Transactions are broadcast to only one peer over Tor and immediately after that this peer is disconnected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Transactions are broadcast to only one random peer over Tor and immediately after that this peer is disconnected.
```

If for some reason this fails, and a local [Bitcoin full node](/using-wasabi/BitcoinFullNode.md) is connected, then this is used to broadcast the transaction.

> By default it is gossiped to 8 peers over clearnet, but this depends on how it is configured by the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default it is gossiped to 8 peers over clearnet, but this depends on how the full node is configured by the user.
```

```
1 * (68 vbytes) + 2 * (33 vbytes) = 134 vbytes
```

But it is important to note that many users provide 2 inputs (UTXOs) or even sometimes 3 or 4, so we should really put a multiplier of 1.5x on the inputs:

```
1.5 * (68 vbytes) + 2 * (33 vbytes) = 168 vbytes
```

Excellent, this is the Cost-per-participant of an equal-output CoinJoin.
Now let's consider the variable miner fees in sat/vbyte that we might pay to get the CoinJoin mined within a reasonable time (<24 hours):

```
Minimum: 2 sat/vbyte: 336 satoshis per participant
Average: 10 sat/vbyte: 1,680 satoshis per participant
High: 100 sat/vbyte: 16,800 satoshis per participant
```

So now let's examine how much (as a percentage) users have to pay for different denominations of equal output coinjoins.
We will take the example of 1 BTC, 0.1 BTC (current setting) and 0.01 BTC (proposed):
First 1 BTC:

```
Minimum: 2 sat/vbyte: 336 satoshis per participant (0.000336 %)
Average: 10 sat/vbyte: 1,680 satoshis per participant (0.00168 %)
High: 100 sat/vbyte: 16,800 satoshis per participant (0.0168 %)
```

> Notice that for such a large amount, the miner, even in extreme cases only takes <0.02% (note this is not 2%!) from every Wasabi user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that for such a large amount, the miner, even in extreme cases only takes < 0.02% (not 2%!) from every Wasabi user.
```

The output value changes each round to ensure that you can enqueue a coin and have it remix (mix over and over again - increasing the anonymity set, improving privacy).
As a result the round mixing amount will often be a specific number which generally decreases as the rounds proceed, with a reset once a lower bound is reached.

> The range is roughly between 0.105 and 0.095 bitcoin, and it is reset manually by the developers.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean it is reset manually?

Author: There is no automated process to increase the denomination, like when it hits a certain lower bound. It is one of the devs doing it, literally manually, in the config file.

Reviewer 2: Which config file? and how often does it happen?

Author: I'm not sure if even it is a config file. But I have seen nopara doing it in person, and he quickly explained that this is what's happening. The rough time line is when the minimum has reached below 0.095, but it can be done whenever.

Reviewer 2: @nopara73 can you please tell me how that process goes?

Yes, Wasabi needs to stay on during CoinJoins, you cannot be offline and still participate in CoinJoins.

> A CoinJoin transaction is different from a normal transaction, where you are the only person signing, and requires many people to sign the same transaction at the same time.

Reviewer 2: Can't we make a CoinJoin transaction but we sign at different times? I think we can.

Author: ```suggestion
A CoinJoin transaction is different from a normal transaction, where you are the only person signing, and requires many people to sign the same transaction.
```

### What if there's a power outage during CoinJoin? Do I lose my coins?

No you don't.
CoinJoins are atomic, they either happen or they don't.

> If your wallet crashes or your computer goes offline during CoinJoin you can simply don't participate in this CoinJoin, look at table [here](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#does-wasabi-have-to-stay-on-during-coinjoin) for more info.

Reviewer 2: The particpant's coins can be banned in some conditions, no?
```suggestion
If your wallet crashes or your computer goes offline during CoinJoin you simply don't participate in this CoinJoin, look at table [here](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#does-wasabi-have-to-stay-on-during-coinjoin) for more info.
```

If the coins' anonymity sets are below the specified target after a round is complete, then the coins are requeued automatically for the next round.
But when the anonymity sets are above the target after a round, then the coins will no longer be registered automatically.
However, you can manually enqueue them for a new round at any time.

> If you are mixing with a different wallet as destination, like your hardware wallet, then until the anonymity set is reached, the coin goes into your starting wallet again, and with the next round, it is coinjoined directly into your destination wallet.

Reviewer 2: Better to remove this until it is supported in the GUI.
```suggestion
```

Author: Yes, we should make a separate PR to get the docs ready for the next release.

:::

:::details
### How can I select UTXOs for CoinJoin?

> Go to [`CoinJoin`](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md) tab and select your desired UTXO by clicking the checkbox, then type in the password.

Reviewer 2: I really think we should stop linking each word to a different section, this becomes very hard to follow.
When reading this I expect to see a `CoinJoin tab` not a whole chapter about CoinJoin.
How about this:
```suggestion
Go to [`CoinJoin tab`](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/CoinJoin.png) and select your desired UTXO by clicking the checkbox, then type in the password.
```

Author: I believe this would be the first time we link to a picture. I don't think this is good.
We do this type of cross reference from the FAQ to the stand-alone chapter several times, I think it is the way to go.

Reviewer 2: But don't you think it is very annoying to read a sentence with several links, and if you click on those links you will find other links and so on?

> We do this type of cross reference from the FAQ to the stand-alone chapter several times, I think it is the way to go.

The point is we should stop doing this too much.

Author: I remember initially the idea was to link every FAQ to the main chapter that covers the same topic. 

Though, we are not consistent here - some FAQs link to the chapter, others do not...
At least, it should be consistent, I'm not sure in what direction though.

On the ColdCard (Mk2, firmware 2.1.1 and up) you enter the PIN code to unlock the hardware wallet and press `> Ready To Sign` with the MicroSD card containing the previously generated transaction or PSBT-file.
Verify the address and amount and the ColdCard will then create a signed.psbt and final.txn file on the MicroSD card.
The finalized transaction (`xxx-final.txn`) can now be broadcast by Wasabi Wallet with the `Broadcast Transaction` tool, or even a radio or satellite dish if someone is listening!
Read more [here](/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md#connecting-via-sd-card).
:::

:::details
### How can I import and broadcast a final transaction from ColdCard?

> In top menu bar, go to `Tools > Broadcast Transaction` and in this tab click `Import Transaction`, now you can select the previously finalized (and signed) transaction file from the MicroSD card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the top menu bar, go to `Tools > Broadcast Transaction` and in this tab click `Import Transaction`, now you can select the previously finalized (and signed) transaction file from the MicroSD card.
```

No.
A CoinJoin is a multi round interactive process, and requires fast signing by the participants, thus the keys need to be on a hot computer.
Thus you have to send the bitcoins (in small portions > 0.1 BTC if needed) from your hardware wallet to a `hot` Wasabi Wallet, do the CoinJoin and then send them back to a new address on the Hardware wallet for cold-storage.

> You can also CoinJoin directly from your hot wallet into your hardware wallet, which is more private and saves one transaction.

Reviewer 2: I think we should wait for this to be supported in the GUI.
```suggestion
```

@[youtube](gWo2RAkIVrE)
:::

::::details
### How can I turn off Tor?

You can turn off Tor in the Settings.
Note that this is a privacy concern, especially when you CoinJoin and when you broadcast a transaction.
In the first case, the coordinator would know the links between your inputs and outputs based on your IP address.
In the second case, if you happen to broadcast a transaction of yours to a full node that is spying on you, it will know the link between your transaction and your IP address.

:::danger
It is recommended to always use Tor!

> The setting to turn it off is only intended for debuging and trouble shooting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The setting to turn it off is only intended for debugging and trouble shooting.
```

![](/MenuFileOpen.png)

Alternatively, you can find the logs inside your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).
:::

:::details
### How to activate Lurking Wife Mode?

You can activate Lurking Wife Mode from `Settings` or by clicking on your wallet balance in the top right corner.
You can read more about Lurking Wife Mode [here](/using-wasabi/LurkingWifeMode.md).
:::

:::details
### How can I change to the white theme?

> You can change from the default dark to the white theme when you [build Wasabi from source code](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md) in the `.walletwasabi/client/Gui/Settings/` [data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).

Reviewer 2: You can do this even if you dont build from source I think.

Author: Yes, you are right! 
I didn't know that...
```suggestion
You can change from the default dark to the white theme in the `.walletwasabi/client/Gui/Settings/` [data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).
```

This used to be the largest known bug in Wasabi Wallet.
It affected about 1-5% of users.
This issue was introduced to Wasabi with the [v1.1.4 release](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.4) in April, 2019 by adding a wallet cache, that resulted in 12 times faster wallet load.

> It was [thought to be fixed](https://old.reddit.com/r/WasabiWallet/comments/c2hco8/announcement_spent_coin_and_lost_unconfirmed/) in June by adding an autocorrection mechanism, but some users are still reporting this issue, so it was not fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It was [thought to be fixed](https://old.reddit.com/r/WasabiWallet/comments/c2hco8/announcement_spent_coin_and_lost_unconfirmed/) in June by adding an autocorrection mechanism, but some users were still reporting this issue.
```
